elongated crane manipulator and in
emergency repair fully adapted
4 gearbox mechanics
valeo clutch
front disc brakes rear
twin rear tires
you see that the cab of the truck
wide enough meters 88 centimeters
width
cabin 3 place without bed on
Century c300 are available for 6 seats inside
the cabin is very spacious comfortable
everything is thought out to the convenience of drivers here
we see an ashtray cigarette lighter in
glove box top and bottom
on the front panel four free
slots can be placed here any
equipment for example walkie-talkie central
the seat folds into a table with
stands under stuffed
ceiling fan adjustable
a simple movement of the hand allowing you to change
air flow direction
interior lighting
shelf for documents is very convenient
height and angle are adjustable
steering column
you can change the steering position as
it is convenient for you
in this pocket where the tank is filled
brake fluid is plugged
bars
couples are very unusual this car is such
the shape of the headlights allows for maximum
effectively illuminate the road to the dark
Times of Day
LED turn signals
cab suspension mechanics now we
lift the cab rises very easily
the machine itself is very lightweight
car no more than 6 tons
load capacity as already mentioned
traditional even closer to three with
by half
generator
all electrics in the car Bosch
the radiator here is a tank for washing
power steering fluid
engine itself engine puts and century
he called safin himself 8140 exactly such
same engines stand on iveco machines
Daily 2 800 volume 125 horsepower
90 kilowatt on the side there is a box for
tools it is convenient not to knock down
cab or body extra things that else
of the benefits of all the wires
all electrical stuffing in the car
put away in a box
very comfortable for rainy weather
no moisture gets on the wires
risk is accordingly excluded
short circuit for centuries c300 reliable powerful and
at the same time light truck
ideal for urban and intercity
shipments
great car for your business there
opportunity to hold this car in
credit or in lines